Update README.md (#19)
PerfectoCode/Reporting-Samples: README.md

   
***
### Javascript SDK (https://www.npmjs.com/package/perfecto-reporting)
##### 2.5.3

> Add validation on tags, only none empty strings tags are allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add validation on tags - only non empty string values are allowed.
```

##### 2.5.2

> reporting-node-sdk repository is an open source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reporting-node-sdk repository is now an open source.
```
